Global Trader 3.0 CNH INDUSTRIAL Instructions and Strategy DIGITAL TRADE TOOLBOX Turn on the ignition to start. Look over the Mission Brief; these are the goals you need to accomplish to ascend the next levels and win. Hit the check button to accept. Determine the US sector where you will build a plant. Clicking on the sector will bring you to a grid where you will be prompted to build a plant. The plant turns from grey to red in two weeks, meaning it’s active and you can start building equipment. Click on the active plant and see its details, the wrench takes you to the build equipment screen. You will be presented with a list of options for building equipment; choose the one that your Mission Brief called for. The equipment needs to be constructed. Go to the “Choose Part” tab and determine what part to buy from the selection. Your choice of parts will determine the end cost of your product. Strategize when it comes to building relationships with Suppliers, you could end up saving a lot of money. The stars turn from grey to yellow as you complete the build out of your equipment. When you build three pieces of equipment,  a regional representative will prompt you to sell through a dealer. There are many regional representatives out there; be sure to accept the best deal. Keep track of your revenue, elapsed time, and bonus points from job creation at the top of your screen. One level is equivalent to one year, or 52 weeks. The yellow dots reflect which level/year you are on. After you sell domestically, you may receive trade opportunities leading to increased revenue and bonus points. Look out for the exclamation; click it to see potential trade routes. Click on the route. Clicking on Home returns you to the Map Screen, where you will see all of your active plants and dealers. Clicking on an active plant will take you to your inventory and how many pieces of equipment you are manufacturing there. You will be notified when you have completed the mission or when your time has elapsed. If you have succeeded, you are on to the next level where you will encounter global opportunities for trade and more complex manufacturing goals. 